thank you very much if you don't mind
after I'm finished if we juror Halle or
Vivian or one of our female colleagues
could go after me that would be great
mr. president just to follow up on these
allegations against what does he mean by
that
explain what what is what does that mean
I think we great if a female what does
it mean no what does it mean be great if
a female reporter were to ask you a
question about the this issue so if you
don't mind I wouldn't mind that at all I
wouldn't mind it at a heart well let me
make any difference to me all right go
ahead
I'd like to follow up on John and and
John's question why is it mr. president
that you always seem to side with the
accused and not the accuser you have
three women here who are all making
allegations we were all asking that
their stories be heard and you know if
you look at the case or Roy Moore if you
look at the case of one of your staffers
are you seeing - time and again side
with the accused and not the accuser is
that because of the many allegations
that you had made against you over the
years well first of all I wasn't happy
with Roy Moore let's get that straight
but Roy Moore was a Republican candidate
and I would have rather had a Republican
candidate win I was very happy with
Luther strange it was a terrific man
from Alabama but Luther strange had a
lot of things going against him as far
as women whether it's a man or a woman
these are you know it can happen the
other way allegations can go the other
way also you understand that and whether
it was a man or a woman 30 years ago 36
years ago in fact they don't even know
how many years ago because nobody knows
what the time is that's a long time and
I could pick as an example hopefully I
won't have to do it as a replacement
because hopefully this is going to go
very well on Thursday it's going to go
very well on Monday or Saturday or
Sunday or whenever they vote but I could
pick a woman and she could have charges
made from many years ago also I would
look at the character know what I have
to do are reluctant to come forward
you've raised doubts about these
accusers many of them I don't think
people are reluctant to come forward
they're going to have they
chance to speak at a may they have a
major chances excuse me excuse me they
have a major chance to speak and it will
be tomorrow I assume we've delayed this
meaning the Republican senators not me
the Republican senators have delayed
this for weeks now they're giving the
women a major chance to speak now it's
possible I'll hear that and I'll say hey
I'm changing my mind that is possible we
want to give them a chance to speak the
Gulf and they're given is all three
should have a chance well whoever is
given a chance we've delayed it a long
time but they're gonna have a big shot
at speaking and making their case and
you know what I could be persuaded also
okay yes please please go ahead go ahead
I'd like to go yes go ahead please
Thank You mr. president a couple
questions for you to follow up on some
answers that I didn't quite hear from
you if you would allow me a couple of
questions
first of all do you think these women
all three of them are loggers yes or no
have they been what are they liars I
can't tell you I have to watch tomorrow
I have to read I just heard about one a
little while ago I can tell you her
lawyer is a low-life okay so I can't
tell you whether or not their lives
until I hear them I don't know what
happened today because I've been very
busy with Japan with South Korea with
China and about seven other countries as
you know and I chaired the Security
Council so I don't know about today's
person that came forward I do know about
the lawyer and and you don't get much
worse bad reputation to take a look at
his past so as far as the other women
are concerned I'm gonna see what happens
tomorrow I'm gonna be watching you know
believe it or not I'm gonna see what
said this is possible that they will be
convincing now with all of that being
said judge Brett Kavanaugh has been for
many years one of the most respected
people in Washington he's been on I
guess you'd call it the second highest
court and every single person knows
a lot of people know him well and those
people don't believe what's going on I
can always be convinced I have to hear
it it sounds like what you're saying is
there is a situation there is a scenario
under which you would withdraw Bret
Cavanaugh's nomination is that clear I
thought he was I thought he was guilty
of something like this yeah sure and you
will wait until tomorrow to make up I
want to watch I want to see I hope I can
watch I'm meeting with a lot of
countries tomorrow but I will certainly
in some form be able to watch and I'll
also rely on some very fair and talented
Republican senators who look if we
brought George Washington here and we
said we have George Washington the
Democrats would vote against him just so
you understand and he may have had a bad
past who knows you know he may have had
some I think accusations made didn't he
have a couple of things in his past
George Washington would be voted against
100% by Schumer and the con artists I
mean 100 percent 100 percent so it
really doesn't matter from their
standpoint that's why when John asked
about the FBI
if the FBI did the most thorough
investigation in the history of the FBI
and they found him to be 100% perfect he
would lose every single vote now if the
Republicans win tomorrow I think you're
gonna get some votes from the Democrats
you know why because we all know why cuz
it's called politics then you'll
probably get some folks okay let's go
one more question yes I'd like to ask
about three questions it's not really
fair to everyone else but should I let
her ask another question go ahead
a colleague asked as well about the
benefit of the doubt that you have given
to people like Roy Moore to Roger Ailes
to Bill O'Reilly to Brett Kavanaugh
they're all men why is that not a
benefit on them like it hallee
I've known them for a long time and a
lot of these people a lot of people and
some I've been disappointed with I have
been disappointed with some others I you
know there are charges that are pretty
weak but I've known people for a long
time I never saw them do anything wrong
I never saw them do anything wrong and
there are some that probably I agree I
can tell you there's some that I
I've been watching for a long time and
in a couple of cases they weren't
Republicans in a lot of cases that were
not they were exactly the opposite but
I've been watching them for a long time
and I knew for a long time these were
not good people and they were never
brought up